constructing Course: Math
constructing Person Daniel
constructing Teacher Daniel
constructing Person Alice
constructing Student Alice
constructing Person Bob
constructing Student Bob
constructing Course: English
constructing Person Chris
constructing Teacher Chris
constructing Person Elizabeth
constructing Student Elizabeth
constructing Person Fate
constructing Student Fate
constructing Person George
constructing Student George
constructing Course: Chinese
constructing Person Iris
constructing Teacher Iris
constructing Person Jacob
constructing Student Jacob
========================================
Student Alice Age:20 Score:90
Student Fate likes-cooking Score:91
Student Jacob genius Score:100
----------------------------------------
Math: Daniel
Chinese: Iris
========================================
destructing Teacher Daniel
destructing Person Daniel
destructing Student Alice
destructing Person Alice
destructing Student Bob
destructing Person Bob
destructing Course: Math
destructing Teacher Chris
destructing Person Chris
destructing Student Elizabeth
destructing Person Elizabeth
destructing Student Fate
destructing Person Fate
destructing Student George
destructing Person George
destructing Course: English
destructing Teacher Iris
destructing Person Iris
destructing Student Jacob
destructing Person Jacob
destructing Course: Chinese
